Now, that we've gone over the DAO attack,
I wanted to go over the details of one of the other largest hacks to
ever happen using solidity contracts, the Parity hack.
Like the DAO, it was a small amount of code that exploited
a simple idea that just isn't normal to see in other types of programming.
To understand, it you'll have to learn a few new concepts,
and then see how decisions that normally make
sense can be completely flipped to cost a lot of money.
So, first we'll need to go over two new ideas,
fallback functions and delegate calls.
From there, we'll look at a simplified version of the code that was hacked,
how it was hacked, and how it could have been prevented.
To start, let's look at the idea of a delegate call.
I put a link down below the video to the solidity documentation,
where they introduced this. It's a simple idea.
Basically, delegate calls allow you to call
a function from your contract that exists inside a different contract.
This is similar to how libraries work.
I'll show you what this looks like shortly,
in the Parity code example.
The other thing you'll need to know about to understand
the Parity hack is what a fallback function is.
Again, I link to the documentation for fallback functions down below the video.
A fallback function is an unnamed function that you put in your contract.
You can have exactly one of these in any contract you create.
The purpose of the function is to be the catchall or fall back in
any case where a function is called in that contract that doesn't actually exist.
This would happen in the case that maybe there was
a spelling error in the function that's called in your contract.
Otherwise, someone could be calling a function
that they think is in your contract that just isn't.
In either case, the fallback function would catch this.
So, for example, you could use this to alert someone and say,
hey you call a function that doesn't actually exist in my contract.
This would alert someone that they've probably made an error.
There are other use cases than this,
and you'll start seeing this more as you work through other contracts.
This includes the Parity wallet, which we'll go over now.
Here's a simplified example of the Parity code that existed at the time it was hacked.
What Parity did was provide a contract that helps users create wallets.
The goal was to avoid the need for users to
rewrite this functionality into each of their wallets,
just like what any library would do.
You can see here that it does things like initialize
a wallet and add a wallet owner, all useful stuff.
The problem is there's a way to hack this using
the ideas of delegate calls and fall back functions.
There are more details to both delegate calls and fall back
functions that I didn't describe if you're reading the documentation,
but I did mentioned everything that you'll need to know to solve this problem.
So, I'll take a break here and give you
some time to think about how this could possibly have been hacked.
You don't need to write any code yet just work
through how this code could possibly be exploited.
This is pretty open-ended,
so I do have one clue I'd like to give you.
If you don't want to clue, just stop the video now.
Okay, so the clue is there's a way to call
the wallet in a way that allows you to take ownership of that wallet.
Once you have ownership of the wallet,
you'll be able to drain all the funds that were included in that wallet.
So, there's your clue.
The last piece is up to you to try and solve,
take a shot at it, and when you're ready I'll see you in the next video,
where we go over the answer.